# BLE_GAP_SetExtScanningEnable

## C

```c
uint16_t BLE_GAP_SetExtScanningEnable(uint8_t mode, BLE_GAP_ExtScanningEnable_T *p_enable);
```

## Description

Enable or disable extended scanning.

### Note

If this API with enable set to true is called while scanning is already enabled, the timers used for duration and
period are reset to the new parameter values and a new scan period is started.

The duration of a scan period refers to the time spent scanning on both the primary and secondary advertising physical channels.

If scanning is started and advertising packet or scan response is received then the
event **[BLE_GAP_EVT_EXT_ADV_REPORT](GUID-ADCFB5AA-F06E-4ED9-9227-592A5CE40F39.md)** is generated.

This API belongs to extended advertising feature. It will be disallowed if any one API that belongs to legacy advertising feature is issued before. **[Categories of advertising APIs and events](GUID-6250C306-2D62-4631-A4F9-616BBCCC48AC.md)** for details of advertising APIs.

**[BLE_GAP_ScanInit](GUID-EABB24B0-3356-4103-A083-EB3A2F4DF22E.md)** and **[BLE_GAP_ExtScanInit](GUID-44D7F81A-66AC-4675-B160-B927F73DDB95.md)** are required for this API.

## Events generated

**[BLE_GAP_EVT_EXT_ADV_REPORT](GUID-ADCFB5AA-F06E-4ED9-9227-592A5CE40F39.md)** Generated when ext. scan enabled. 

**[BLE_GAP_EVT_SCAN_TIMEOUT](GUID-ADCFB5AA-F06E-4ED9-9227-592A5CE40F39.md)** Generated when ext. scan enabled and timeout (by duration).

## Parameters

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|\[in\] mode|Scan mode. See **[Scan mode](GUID-E1089965-CD90-4A15-97BA-CF73180F2D1E.md)**.|
|\[in\] p_enable|Pointer to **[BLE_GAP_ExtScanningEnable_T](GUID-C3065A23-6B7C-4822-9AE8-6ECE3287BDD3.md)** structure buffer.|

## Return values

|Return value|Description|
|:---|:---|
MBA_RES_SUCCESS|Successfully enable or disable extended scanning.|
MBA_RES_OOM|Internal memory allocation failure.|
MBA_RES_INVALID_PARA|Invalid parameters.|
MBA_RES_COMMAND_DISALLOWED|Command disallowed.|
