# GATTC_Write

## C

```c
uint16_t GATTC_Write(uint16_t connHandle, GATTC_WriteParams_T *p_writeParams);
```

## Description

GATT Client initiates a write operation to GATT Server.
This API should be used to write a Characteristic Value or Characteristic descriptor.

Refer **[ATT opcodes](GUID-0B817A0F-1AA2-42B6-B93A-41A883437B34.md)** (ATT_WRITE_REQ/ATT_WRITE_CMD/ATT_PREPARE_WRITE_REQ/ATT_EXECUTE_WRITE_REQ) for write types.

### Note

Write long attribute:
- If the attribute is not long attribute, valueOffset should be set to 0 and writeType should be set to
Write Request/Write Command as required.

- If the attribute is a long attribute then first (ATT_MTU-3) bytes should be written with valueOffset set to 0
and writeType set to **[ATT_PREPARE_WRITE_REQ](GUID-0B817A0F-1AA2-42B6-B93A-41A883437B34.md)** (See **[GATTC_WriteParams_T](GUID-2D95DF00-4758-4DCE-8562-F6A1A150A365.md)**) in the API.
The subsequent prepare write request should be called with appropriate value Offset and next
set of data when event **[GATTC_EVT_WRITE_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** is received.
This should be repeated until expected number of bytes is queued up in the server. When
event **[GATTC_EVT_WRITE_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** is received for last prepare write request, this API should be
called with writeType set to **[ATT_EXECUTE_WRITE_REQ](GUID-0B817A0F-1AA2-42B6-B93A-41A883437B34.md)** and flags set to **[Execute write flag](GUID-7BF1A469-FF25-4B96-A00D-37950A19F64B.md)**
(See **[GATTC_WriteParams_T](GUID-2D95DF00-4758-4DCE-8562-F6A1A150A365.md)**)


## Events generated

**[GATTC_EVT_ERROR_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when fail to write. 

**[GATTC_EVT_WRITE_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when write successfully. 

**[ATT_EVT_TIMEOUT](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when server does not respond the request.

## Parameters

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|\[in\] connHandle|Handle of the connection to send write operation.|
|\[in\] p_writeParams|Pointer to the Write Request parameters. Refer **[GATTC_WriteParams_T](GUID-2D95DF00-4758-4DCE-8562-F6A1A150A365.md)**|

## Return values

|Return value|Description|
|:---|:---|
MBA_RES_SUCCESS|Successfully starts the write operation.|
MBA_RES_FAIL|Operation is not permitted.|
MBA_RES_OOM|Internal memory allocation failure.|
MBA_RES_INVALID_PARA|Invalid parameters. One of the following reasons: - Connection handle is not valid - Invalid write parameters. See **[GATTC_WriteParams_T](GUID-2D95DF00-4758-4DCE-8562-F6A1A150A365.md)** for valid values.|
MBA_RES_NO_RESOURCE|No available resource to send write operation.|
MBA_RES_BUSY|GATT Client is busy. Another request is ongoing.|
