# GATTS_SendWriteResponse

## C

```c
uint16_t GATTS_SendWriteResponse(uint16_t connHandle, GATTS_SendWriteRespParams_T *p_respParams);
```

## Description

GATT Server sends the write/prepare write/execute write response when this API is called. ResponseType in
**[GATTS_SendWriteRespParams_T](GUID-DE4383BE-5A48-44EE-8955-214FCAA7E621.md)** indicates if the response is for write request, prepare write request
or execute write request.

Response to the GATT client is sent only if:
- API initiates a Write response and a Write request was received by GATT server.
- API initiates a Prepare Write response and a Prepare Write request was received by GATT server.
- API initiates a Execute Write response and a Execution Write request was received by GATT server. 

### Note

If the attribute setting of the attribute is set as **[SETTING_MANUAL_WRITE_RSP](GUID-C17EB9D8-56A4-42DE-BB36-DBB302B23C5F.md)**, the event **[GATTS_EVT_WRITE](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)**
with writeType is **[ATT_WRITE_REQ](GUID-0B817A0F-1AA2-42B6-B93A-41A883437B34.md)** or **[ATT_PREPARE_WRITE_REQ](GUID-0B817A0F-1AA2-42B6-B93A-41A883437B34.md)** or **[ATT_EXECUTE_WRITE_REQ](GUID-0B817A0F-1AA2-42B6-B93A-41A883437B34.md)** will be sent to 
application when GATT server receives these requests performing on this attribute.
In this case, application need to call this API to send write response or send error response if the request 
is not permitted. 

This API should be called to send the response only when event **[GATTS_EVT_WRITE](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** is received.

## Parameters

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|\[in\] connHandle|Handle of the connection to send the write response.|
|\[in\] p_respParams|Pointer to Write Response parameters. See **[GATTS_SendWriteRespParams_T](GUID-DE4383BE-5A48-44EE-8955-214FCAA7E621.md)**|

## Return values

|Return value|Description|
|:---|:---|
MBA_RES_SUCCESS|Successfully starts to send the write response.|
MBA_RES_FAIL|Operation is not permitted as Write response/Prepare Write response/Execute Write response transmission was requested but write request/prepare write request/execute write request  was not received.|
MBA_RES_OOM|Internal memory allocation failure.|
MBA_RES_INVALID_PARA|Invalid parameters. Connection handle is not valid.|
