# Initializing the BLE Software

**Parent topic:**[BLE Software Specification](GUID-222749FE-01C5-43B6-A5C7-CD82B3FC7F5F.md)

## Initializing BLE Stack

Before using any BLE Stack relevant API, BLE component must be initialized.<br />It is strongly recommend that BLE component be initialized during system initialization.<br />BLE component only operates with RTOS, the relevant parameters of RTOS must be assigned to BLE component.<br />Also, device address is necessary for BLE component.

```c
    //BLE Queue definition
    #define QUEUE_LENGTH_BLE (16)
    #define QUEUE_ITEM_SIZE_BLE (sizeof(void *))

    //BLE library Initialization Data
    OSAL_QUEUE_HANDLE_TYPE bleRequestQueueHandle;
    OSAL_API_LIST_TYPE     osalAPIList;
    uint8_t                bdAddr[7];     //address type + address[6]

    // Create BLE Stack Message QUEUE
    OSAL_QUEUE_Create(&bleRequestQueueHandle, QUEUE_LENGTH_BLE, QUEUE_ITEM_SIZE_BLE);

    // Initialize BLE Stack
    if(IB_GetBdAddr(bdAddr) == 0)
    {
        BT_SYS_Init(&bleRequestQueueHandle, &osalAPIList, NULL, bdAddr);
    }
    else
    {
        BT_SYS_Init(&bleRequestQueueHandle, &osalAPIList, NULL, NULL);
    }
```

BLE Stack provides various APIs for application, and those APIs belong to the specific module within dedicated group.<br />Currently there are four groups inside the BLE Stack.<br />Application shall initialize the dedicated group and modules in the BLE Stack if needs.

-   GAP: Provide the user interface for discovery of BLE devices, broadcast of BLE device, and connection management

-   L2CAP: Provide the user interface for credit based flow control procedure

-   GATT: Provide the user interface for GATT server and client procedure

-   SMP: Provide the user interface for pairing, authentication, and security configuration


Example of initializing modules in GAP group:

```c
    //Initialize BLE GAP main module
    BLE_GAP_Init();
    
    //Initialize BLE GAP advertising module
    BLE_GAP_AdvInit();

```

Example of initializing modules in L2CAP group:

```c
    //Initialize BLE L2cap main module
    BLE_L2CAP_Init();

    //Initialize BLE L2cap credit based flow control module
    BLE_L2CAP_CbInit();
```

Example of initializing modules in GATT group:

```c
    //Initialize BLE GATT server module
    GATTS_Init();

    //Initialize BLE GATT client module
    GATTC_Init();

```

Example of initializing modules in SMP group:

```c
    //Initialize BLE SMP main module
    BLE_SMP_Init();

```

BLE Stack would generate events to inform application if there is any status changed or activity.<br />Application may need to get the relevant information from BLE Stack and do the corresponding procedure.<br />Therefore, application shall register BLE Stack callback function after BLE Stack initialized.

Example of registering BLE Stack callback event:

```c
    /* Register BLE Stack callback event*/
    STACK_EventRegister(APP_BleStackCb);
```

## Initializing BLE Middleware

BLE component provides two modules in BLE Middleware to assist application.<br />Application shall initialize the dedicated modules if needs.

-   BLE\_DM: Handle pairing procedures, connection management and the record of pairing information. Provide the simplified user interface for application.

-   BLE\_DD: Handle the service discovery procedures. It shall be included if a GATT client profile is enabled.


Example of initializing modules in BLE Middleware:

```c
    //Initialize BLE device manager module
    BLE_DM_Init();

    //Initialize BLE device discovery module
    BLE_DD_Init();
```

BLE Middleware module would generate events to inform application if there is any status changed or activity.<br />Application may need to get the relevant information from BLE Middleware and do the corresponding procedure.<br />Therefore, application shall register BLE Middleware callback function after BLE Middleware initialized.

Example of registering BLE middleware callback event:

```c
    /* Register BLE DM module callback event */
    BLE_DM_EventRegister(APP_DmEvtHandler);

    /* Register BLE DD module callback event */
    BLE_DD_EventRegister(APP_DdEvtHandler);
```

## Initializing BLE Profile

BLE component provides some example profiles.<br />Application shall initialize the profiles if needs.

Example of initializing BLE profiles:

```c
    //Initialize BLE transparent server profile
    BLE_TRSPS_Init();

    //Initialize BLE transparent client profile
    BLE_TRSPC_Init();
```

BLE profiles module would generate events to inform application if there is any status changed or activity.<br />Application may need to get the relevant information from BLE profiles and do the corresponding procedure.<br />Therefore, application shall register BLE profiles callback function after BLE profiles initialized.

Example of registering BLE profiles callback event:

```c
    /* Register BLE transparent server callback event */
    BLE_TRSPS_EventRegistration(APP_TrspsEvtHandler);

    /* Register BLE transparent client callback event */
    BLE_TRSPC_EventRegistration(APP_TrspcEvtHandler);
```

## Initializing BLE Service

BLE component provides some example services.<br />Some of the services are used by the specific profile, and some of them may be used by application directly.

Example of initializing BLE service:

```c
    //Initialize BLE device information service
    BLE_DIS_Add();

    //Initialize BLE battery service
    BLE_BAS_Add();
```

