# GATTS_SendHandleValue

## C

```c
uint16_t GATTS_SendHandleValue(uint16_t connHandle, GATTS_HandleValueParams_T *p_hvParams);
```

## Description

GATT Server sends Handle Value Notification or Indication to GATT Client when this API is called.
sendType in **[GATTS_HandleValueParams_T](GUID-3731E8AB-171C-4192-9D52-2012DB5797FC.md)** determines if a notification or Indication is sent.
- If sendType is set to **[ATT_HANDLE_VALUE_NTF](GUID-0B817A0F-1AA2-42B6-B93A-41A883437B34.md)** then a notification is sent if notify property is set for the
characteristic and Notification is enabled in its CCCD.
- If sendType is set to **[ATT_HANDLE_VALUE_IND](GUID-0B817A0F-1AA2-42B6-B93A-41A883437B34.md)** then an Indication is sent if Indicate property is set for the
characteristic and Indication is enabled in its CCCD.


## Events generated

**[GATTS_EVT_HV_CONFIRM](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated if indication is successfully sent. 

**[ATT_EVT_TIMEOUT](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when client does not respond the indication.

## Parameters

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|\[in\] connHandle|Handle of the connection to send Handle Value Notification/Indication.|
|\[in\] p_hvParams|Pointer to the Handle Value Notification/Indication Parameters.|

## Return values

|Return value|Description|
|:---|:---|
MBA_RES_SUCCESS|Successfully starts the Handle Value Notification/Indication|
MBA_RES_FAIL|Operation is not permitted. Memory not available to send notification/indication.|
MBA_RES_OOM|Internal memory allocation failure.|
MBA_RES_INVALID_PARA|Invalid parameters. One of the following errors may have occurred: - Connection handle is not valid - Parameters specified in **[GATTS_HandleValueParams_T](GUID-3731E8AB-171C-4192-9D52-2012DB5797FC.md)** have invalid/out of range values - The sending data length is exceeded the MTU. - Notification/Indication has to be sent but either Notify/Indicate property is not set for the characteristic or Notification/Indication is not enabled in the CCCD|
MBA_RES_BUSY|Send indication when another indication is ongoing. Only available in sending indication.|
MBA_RES_NO_RESOURCE|No available resource to send the handle value.|
