# GATTC_DiscoverAllDescriptors

## C

```c
uint16_t GATTC_DiscoverAllDescriptors(uint16_t connHandle, uint16_t startHandle, uint16_t endHandle);
```

## Description

GATT Client starts discovering all descriptors within the given handle range when this API is called.

Following events may be generated:
- Event **[GATTC_EVT_DISC_DESC_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with procedureStatus in **[GATT_EvtDiscDescResp_T](GUID-BCB5F15D-9C2E-400D-B5F3-2B1542AD2153.md)** set to
continue. This indicates descriptors are found but the discovery is not yet complete (more descriptors
may be present)

- Event **[GATTC_EVT_DISC_DESC_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with procedureStatus in **[GATT_EvtDiscDescResp_T](GUID-BCB5F15D-9C2E-400D-B5F3-2B1542AD2153.md)** set to
Finish. This indicates termination of the procedure (Handle of last found descriptor is equal
to end handle of input handle range)

- Event **[GATTC_EVT_ERROR_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with error code **[ATT_ERRCODE_ATTRIBUTE_NOT_FOUND](GUID-DF065B2A-A0F7-4C47-9C32-E9DAAD615479.md)** is generated.
This indicates termination of the procedure. (Handle of last found descriptor is not same as end handle of the input
handle range or no descriptor was found)


## Events generated

**[GATTC_EVT_ERROR_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when characteristic descriptors not found or discovery procedure is end. 

**[GATTC_EVT_DISC_DESC_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when characteristic descriptors discovered from remote. 

**[ATT_EVT_TIMEOUT](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when server does not respond the request.

## Parameters

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|\[in\] connHandle|Handle of the connection to discover the descriptors for.|
|\[in\] startHandle|Start of the querying handle range.|
|\[in\] endHandle|End of the querying handle range.|

## Return values

|Return value|Description|
|:---|:---|
MBA_RES_SUCCESS|Successfully starts the discovering.|
MBA_RES_OOM|Internal memory allocation failure.|
MBA_RES_INVALID_PARA|Invalid parameters. Connection handle is not valid.|
MBA_RES_BUSY|GATT Client is busy. Another request is ongoing.|
