# GATTC_Read

## C

```c
uint16_t GATTC_Read(uint16_t connHandle, uint16_t charHandle, uint16_t valueOffset);
```

## Description

GATT Client initiates a read operation to GATT Server when this API is called.
This API should be used to read a Characteristic Value or Characteristic descriptor.

### Note

Read long attributes:
- If the attribute is not long attribute, valueOffset should be set to 0 and Read request is sent to
GATT Server by this API.
- If the attribute is a long attribute then first (ATT_MTU-1) bytes are read with valueOffset set to 0
(API uses Read Request) and rest of the bytes are read using appropriate Non-zero valueOffset (API
uses Read Blob Request). The Read Blob Request should be initiated in the application by calling the API
**GATTC_Read** with non-zero valueOffset when the event **[GATTC_EVT_READ_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** is received.
This should be repeated each time the event **[GATTC_EVT_READ_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** is received until expected number
of bytes of the long attribute are read.

## Events generated

**[GATTC_EVT_ERROR_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when fail to read. 

**[GATTC_EVT_READ_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when read successfully. 

**[ATT_EVT_TIMEOUT](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when server does not respond the request.

## Parameters

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|\[in\] connHandle|Handle of the connection.|
|\[in\] charHandle|Handle of the characteristic value or descriptor to be read.|
|\[in\] valueOffset|Non-zero offset value to initiate a read blob request.|

## Return values

|Return value|Description|
|:---|:---|
MBA_RES_SUCCESS|Successfully starts the read operation.|
MBA_RES_OOM|Internal memory allocation failure.|
MBA_RES_INVALID_PARA|Invalid parameters. Connection handle is not valid.|
MBA_RES_BUSY|GATT Client is busy. Another request is ongoing.|
