# GATTC_DiscoverCharacteristicsByUUID

## C

```c
uint16_t GATTC_DiscoverCharacteristicsByUUID(uint16_t connHandle, GATTC_DiscoverCharacteristicByUuidParams_T *p_discParams);
```

## Description

GATT Client starts discovery of specific characteristics by UUID within the given handle range when this API is called.

Following events may be generated:
- Event **[GATTC_EVT_DISC_CHAR_BY_UUID_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with procedureStatus in **[GATT_EvtDiscCharResp_T](GUID-760F1BD1-79F3-4B6A-8D69-014AF388CABA.md)** set to
continue. This indicates specific characteristics are found but the discovery is not yet complete (more characteristics
may be present). See p_attrData in **[GATT_EvtDiscCharResp_T](GUID-760F1BD1-79F3-4B6A-8D69-014AF388CABA.md)** for extracting the characteristic details.

- Event **[GATTC_EVT_DISC_CHAR_BY_UUID_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with procedureStatus in **[GATT_EvtDiscCharResp_T](GUID-760F1BD1-79F3-4B6A-8D69-014AF388CABA.md)** set to
Finish. This indicates termination of the procedure (Value handle of last found characteristic declaration is equal
to end handle of input handle range). Please note that the response may be null if no characteristic found in last query. 

- Event **[GATTC_EVT_ERROR_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with error code **[ATT_ERRCODE_ATTRIBUTE_NOT_FOUND](GUID-DF065B2A-A0F7-4C47-9C32-E9DAAD615479.md)** is generated.
This indicates termination of the procedure. (Last found Value handle is not same as end handle of the input
handle range or no characteristic declaration found)


## Events generated

**[GATTC_EVT_ERROR_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when characteristics not found or discovery procedure is end. 

**[GATTC_EVT_DISC_CHAR_BY_UUID_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when characteristics discovered from remote. 

**[ATT_EVT_TIMEOUT](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when server does not respond the request.

## Parameters

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|\[in\] connHandle|Handle of the connection to discover the characteristics for.|
|\[in\] p_discParams|Pointer to structure containing the specific characteristic UUID to be discovered and the discovered handle range.|

## Return values

|Return value|Description|
|:---|:---|
MBA_RES_SUCCESS|Successfully starts discovering the characteristics.|
MBA_RES_OOM|Internal memory allocation failure.|
MBA_RES_INVALID_PARA|Invalid parameters. Connection handle is not valid.|
MBA_RES_BUSY|GATT Client is busy. Another request is ongoing.|
