# GATTC_DiscoverPrimaryServiceByUUID

## C

```c
uint16_t GATTC_DiscoverPrimaryServiceByUUID(uint16_t connHandle, GATTC_DiscoverPrimaryServiceByUuidParams_T *p_discParams);
```

## Description

GATT Client starts the procedure for discovering primary service by UUID within the given input handle range.
Multiple instances of the primary service with specified UUID may be present on the GATT server.
Hence, the event **[GATTC_EVT_DISC_PRIM_SERV_BY_UUID_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** may be generated multiple times until
all the service instances are discovered.

Following events may be generated:
- Event **[GATTC_EVT_DISC_PRIM_SERV_BY_UUID_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with procedureStatus in **[GATT_EvtDiscPrimServByUuidResp_T](GUID-1E8F3C7E-026E-4CCD-BFCD-DC99ADBB12D2.md)** set to
continue. This indicates service instance(s) found but the discovery not complete (more instances may be present). See p_attrData
in **[GATT_EvtDiscPrimServByUuidResp_T](GUID-1E8F3C7E-026E-4CCD-BFCD-DC99ADBB12D2.md)** for extracting service data received.

- Event **[GATTC_EVT_DISC_PRIM_SERV_BY_UUID_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with procedureStatus in **[GATT_EvtDiscPrimServByUuidResp_T](GUID-1E8F3C7E-026E-4CCD-BFCD-DC99ADBB12D2.md)** set to
Finish. This indicates termination of the procedure (End Group Handle of last found service instance is equal to End
handle in input handle range). (See **[GATTC_DiscoverPrimaryServiceByUuidParams_T](GUID-D8FF1B1A-D8FD-4A8A-B08B-777287026454.md)**. p_attrData in **[GATT_EvtDiscPrimServByUuidResp_T](GUID-1E8F3C7E-026E-4CCD-BFCD-DC99ADBB12D2.md)** contains the End Group Handle of the service found.)
- Event **[GATTC_EVT_ERROR_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with error code **[ATT_ERRCODE_ATTRIBUTE_NOT_FOUND](GUID-DF065B2A-A0F7-4C47-9C32-E9DAAD615479.md)** is generated.
This indicates termination of the procedure. (End Group handle of last found service is less that End handle in input handle range.


## Events generated

**[GATTC_EVT_ERROR_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when service not found or discovery procedure is end. 

**[GATTC_EVT_DISC_PRIM_SERV_BY_UUID_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when services discovered from remote. 

**[ATT_EVT_TIMEOUT](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when server does not respond the request.

## Parameters

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|\[in\] connHandle|Handle of the connection to discover the services.|
|\[in\] p_discParams|Pointer to structure containing the UUID of the primary service and handle range to be queried.|

## Return values

|Return value|Description|
|:---|:---|
MBA_RES_SUCCESS|Successfully starts the discovering.|
MBA_RES_OOM|Internal memory allocation failure.|
MBA_RES_INVALID_PARA|Invalid parameters. Connection handle is not valid.|
MBA_RES_BUSY|GATT Client is busy. Another request is ongoing.|
