# BLE Software

BLE software is compatible with BLE protocol developed by Microchip. BLE Software contains four<br /> major blocks.

<br />

-   **BLE Stack**

    BLE Stack<br /> plays an important role in BLE Software, it is the core of BLE Software. BLE<br /> Stack operates under it is own task, and it is released as Library<br /> object.

-   **BLE Middleware**

    BLE<br /> Middleware assists application to handle some BLE procedures. BLE Middleware<br /> operates under application task, and it is released as source code. BLE<br /> Middleware is optional block, application could disable it if application<br /> would like to handle all the BLE Stack procedures.

-   **BLE Profile**

    There are<br /> some BLE profiles included in the BLE Software. BLE profile operates under<br /> application task, and it is released as source code. Application could<br /> enable or disable any profile depending on the requirement.

-   **BLE Service**

    There are<br /> some BLE services included in the BLE Software. BLE service operates under<br /> application task, and it is released as source code. Generally BLE service<br /> is used by dedicated BLE profile. Therefore if the BLE profile is enabled,<br /> BLE profile would initialize the relevant BLE services. However, BLE service<br /> could be used by application directly. In that case, application needs to<br /> initialize BLE service. There are some BLE services included in the BLE<br /> Software. BLE service operates under application task, and it is released as<br /> source code. Generally BLE service is used by dedicated BLE profile.<br /> Therefore if the BLE profile is enabled, BLE profile would initialize the<br /> relevant BLE services. However, BLE service could be used by application<br /> directly. In that case, application needs to initialize BLE<br /> service.


<br />

-   **[PIC32CX-BZ2/WBZ45x](GUID-CFC8AE9F-F620-4D4D-9665-E08FFE0763EB.md)**  

-   **[PIC32CX-BZ3/WBZ35x](GUID-1F6AF334-EDDF-4C37-8BAE-9B246FD37EE5.md)**  


