# BLE_GAP_SetExtAdvEnable

## C

```c
uint16_t BLE_GAP_SetExtAdvEnable(bool enable, uint8_t numOfSets, BLE_GAP_ExtAdvEnableParams_T *p_advParam);
```

## Description

Enable or disable one or more advertising sets using the advertising sets identified by the advHandle.

### Note

If enable set to false and numOfSets set to 0x00, then all advertising sets are disabled. 

Advertising will be disabled after set maximum extended advertising events were sent even if the set duration has not expired.
Details in **[BLE_GAP_ExtAdvEnableParams_T](GUID-DEE00CA7-607C-4AF4-AC97-134521915B07.md)**. 

This API belongs to extended advertising feature. It will be disallowed if any one API that belongs to legacy advertising feature is issued before. **[Categories of advertising APIs and events](GUID-6250C306-2D62-4631-A4F9-616BBCCC48AC.md)** for details of advertising APIs.

**[BLE_GAP_AdvInit](GUID-00582C15-26DA-41D8-8125-1FDD13BCF632.md)** and **[BLE_GAP_ExtAdvInit](GUID-D2DBC15F-67D6-431E-9D69-DAE11D195641.md)** are required for this API. 




## Events generated

**[BLE_GAP_EVT_CONNECTED](GUID-ADCFB5AA-F06E-4ED9-9227-592A5CE40F39.md)** Generated when connectable advertising is started and connection is established. 

**[BLE_GAP_EVT_SCAN_REQ_RECEIVED](GUID-ADCFB5AA-F06E-4ED9-9227-592A5CE40F39.md)** Generated when ext. adv. enabled. 

**[BLE_GAP_EVT_ADV_SET_TERMINATED](GUID-ADCFB5AA-F06E-4ED9-9227-592A5CE40F39.md)** Generated when ext. adv. enabled and timeout (by duration).

## Parameters

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|\[in\] enable|Enable or disable one or more advertising sets. Set true to start the extended advertising.|
|\[in\] numOfSets|The number of advertising sets contained in the p_advParam.|
|\[in\] p_advParam|Pointer to **[BLE_GAP_ExtAdvEnableParams_T](GUID-DEE00CA7-607C-4AF4-AC97-134521915B07.md)** structure buffer.|

## Return values

|Return value|Description|
|:---|:---|
MBA_RES_SUCCESS|Successfully enable or disable one or more advertising sets.|
MBA_RES_OOM|Internal memory allocation failure.|
MBA_RES_INVALID_PARA|Invalid parameters.|
MBA_RES_COMMAND_DISALLOWED|Command disallowed.|
MBA_RES_UNKNOWN_ADV_ID|Unknown advertising identifier.|
