# GATTC_DiscoverAllPrimaryServices

## C

```c
uint16_t GATTC_DiscoverAllPrimaryServices(uint16_t connHandle);
```

## Description

GATT Client starts the discovery of all primary services when this API is called. All primary services in the
handle range 0x0001 - 0xFFFF will be discovered with a single call to this API.

The event **[GATTC_EVT_DISC_PRIM_SERV_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** may be generated multiple times until all services are discovered.

Following events may be generated on the GATT client:
- Event **[GATTC_EVT_DISC_PRIM_SERV_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with procedureStatus in **[GATT_EvtDiscPrimServResp_T](GUID-575E8FAF-F4CB-421B-B3B2-7FCFDBC0C76C.md)** set to
continue. This indicates some services are found but the discovery of all services is not complete. (See p_attrData
in **[GATT_EvtDiscPrimServResp_T](GUID-575E8FAF-F4CB-421B-B3B2-7FCFDBC0C76C.md)** for extracting service data received.)

- Event **[GATTC_EVT_DISC_PRIM_SERV_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with procedureStatus in **[GATT_EvtDiscPrimServResp_T](GUID-575E8FAF-F4CB-421B-B3B2-7FCFDBC0C76C.md)** set to
Finish. This indicates termination of the procedure (End Handle for last found service is 0xFFFF. See p_attrData
in **[GATT_EvtDiscPrimServResp_T](GUID-575E8FAF-F4CB-421B-B3B2-7FCFDBC0C76C.md)** for End Group Handle of a discovered service)

- Event **[GATTC_EVT_ERROR_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** with error code **[ATT_ERRCODE_ATTRIBUTE_NOT_FOUND](GUID-DF065B2A-A0F7-4C47-9C32-E9DAAD615479.md)** is generated.
This indicates termination of the procedure. (End Group handle of last found service is less that 0xFFFF)


## Events generated

**[GATTC_EVT_ERROR_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when service not found or discovery procedure is end. 

**[GATTC_EVT_DISC_PRIM_SERV_RESP](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when services discovered from remote. 

**[ATT_EVT_TIMEOUT](GUID-506F6039-E62F-4121-8CA8-2335BAF7EFB6.md)** Generated when server does not respond the request.

## Parameters

|Parameter|Description|
|:---|:---|
|\[in\] connHandle|Handle of the connection to discover the services for.|

## Return values

|Return value|Description|
|:---|:---|
MBA_RES_SUCCESS|Successfully starts the discovering.|
MBA_RES_OOM|Internal memory allocation failure.|
MBA_RES_INVALID_PARA|Invalid parameters. Connection handle is not valid.|
MBA_RES_BUSY|GATT Client is busy. Another request is ongoing.|
